---
  layout: default.md
  title: "Tan Jun Xiang's Project Portfolio Page"
---

### Project: AcademeConnect

AcademeConnect lets academic researchers manage and act on their professional networks faster
and more privately than generic contact apps. It supports rich contact metadata (tags, notes, schedules), tag
autocompletion, and local-only storage. This enables rapid, scalable contact management and reliable
follow-up tracking tailored to research workflows.

<br>
Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added note feature
    * What it does: allows the user to open a text box to type in notes for each corresponding person in their contacts list.
    * Justification: This feature serves the purpose of allowing the target user to track and maintain information in regard to each individual contact. The note feature allows for greater flexibility of tracking information compared to the rest of the fields that have already been provided. 
    * Highlights: The feature interacts heavily with the GUI.
    * Credits: Majority of the code used for implementation of this feature was generated by Co-pilot

* **New Feature**: Added viewNote feature
    * What it does: allows the user to view a note without being able to write to it
    * Justification: This feature serves the purpose of allowing the target user view a note with the result display box rather than having to switch to another view (i.e. the note edit view) just to see the contents of the note. This also allows users to see notes while maintaining view of the list of contacts.
    * Highlights: -
    * Credits: Majority of the code used for implementation of this feature was generated by Co-pilot

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2526s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2025-09-19T00%3A00%3A00&filteredFileName=&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=0rbita1&tabRepo=AY2526S1-CS2103T-W08-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

* **Project management**:
    * Managed releases `v1.3` - `v1.4` (2 releases) on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
    * Updated the GUI color scheme
    * Updated overall UI with reference to Notion color palette

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * Added documentation for the features `note`
        * Did cosmetic tweaks to overall guide
    * Developer Guide:
        * Added implementation details of the `note` feature.
        * Added Project scope details including Target user profile, user stories, use cases, glossary, instructions for manual testing and planned enhancements
